okay the tracks and chapters UI is pretty confusing and I keep scrolling up and down and it feels very very conter intuitive. I want you to clearly understand the concepts and implmenet this content management feature first. A track contains multiple chapters. A chapter is where we encapsulate all the content that belongs to that chapter. So, when i create or open a chapter, it should allow user to to provide 4 aspects to complete Text Content, Media Content, Segmentation & Mapping, Preview. 
Text content is the wiki part where user will provide the full text and completes all the formatting etc. The user will provide text for each language separately. In future we can implement a transliteration feature so that user enters text in one language which will automatically fill out the text for other 2. 
Media content is where user will upload one more more audio or media files corresponding to that chapter. 
Segmentation and Mapping is where, user will first pick one audio file, then create audio segment by providing start and end timestamps, then they would see the full text and select the part of text to be mapped to that audio segment and click something like 'add segment'. This will complete the process of creating one interactive text segment. User would repeat this process for the entire text content in all 3 languages. Also they could do this process for more than one audio files. 
Preview screen is where user would see the full text display along with the interactive audio segments, the goal of this is to provide a preview of how this would look in the chapter view of the student in read only mode.
After the user completes this process, they would then click a button to 'publish' the chapter. To make any changes to the chapter (all content in the chapter), the user would have to first un-publish the chapter and bring it to 'draft' mode. Complete any changes and publish the chapter to change status to 'published' state. The chapter is only availble for students or instructors to see when the status is 'published'.